OCT 19TH:

CRATE DROPS REVAMPED. Drops from Crates have all been improved for the most part. You may still encounter vanilla crates but its rare as far as I know.
No more getting a single arrow from an entire box. Standard Barrels also have been improved. 

ADDED MYSTERY CRATES: If you see a Box with a White Question Mark, go open it!
Randomized loot with the chance of getting weapons as well! There are only 3 currently added to the games map data. These 3 in particular have special unique drops. How lucky are you? Any other Mystery crates you find are dynamically spawned meaning they spawn randomly in certain map areas

Master Cycle given to player when selecting New Game Plus

Dash Attacking with a Spear can now be jump canceled

Start up animation for throwing weapons now charges faster Allowing you to throw weapons sooner

LAVA NOW INSTANT KILLS THE PLAYER. Fairies can still revive you and you will have the usual respawn position.

Practice room now prompts before entry. Added Maz Koshia music. Fixed mysterious bug where enemies dont load.

Tons of Map additions:
- More Koroks Removed.
- New Field Mini puzzel in Map section E-3
- Roughly 470 new enemies/chests/weapons added
- H-6 Fort Hateno Easter egg reworked to be a feature
Lots more changes

Yiga Inquistor improved drops

Bombtarock impoved drops

Daybreaker removed from scaling. You can no longer find them lying around in the overworld. Replaced with Royal Guard Shield.

Auto spawning reworked a bit. Silver enemies now have consistent set spawning but now appear in groups of 2 instead of 4. Where as before it was cluttered and inconsistent. 

Beware of Central Hyrule on Bloodmoon days.

SWORD TRIALS: CURRENTLY STILL WIP but have been made easier. You are still able to complete them. 

Shiekah Slate pick up and door intros now streamlined. Player will automatically have the slate equipped and the doors will open on their own.

Champion Weapons all have been revamped:
Great Eagle Bow: 90 Durability, 4 shot thin spread with a base of 50 DMG. Very powerful bow.

Scimtar of the Seven: 120 Durability, 64 Base Damage. Summons lightning bolts. Great for small area control and very fun to use.

DayBreaker: 130 Duability, 69(Intentional Number) Base Guard. 30 Shield Bash damage. Hitbox freezes enemies. Amazing combat tool overall. No shield surf friction or surf damage to shield. DOES NOT auto reflect beams.

Boulder Breaker: 180 Durability, 85 Base Damage. Shoots a Fireball that does a ton of knockback. Fun for bullying solo enemies(Fireball currently a WiP, occasionally damages player unintentionally.)

Lightscale Trident: 140 Durability, 43 Base Damage, Now a Ice Weapon as its base. Shoots a massive blizzwave, great for large crowd control, Absolutely busted damage output when using spear charge attack.

OCT 31ST:
Patched some crates not dropping anything after changing the drops.

Max level stealth now has 100% quietness (Vanilla value of 0.3 set to 0.0)

Master Sword and Corrupted Master Sword now has hammer affect allowing you to smash breakable rocks and metal crates

Master Sword Beam Damage Increased. Now deals 200 Dmg.

Malice Lizal is now elemental immune.

More Relics additions to map data. 

Added French Langague support

Touched up Yiga Inquisitor AI so they dont leave the battle if they cannot navigate to you after a few seconds.

Blupees now drop a set count of 20 diffrent random rupees but only cant be shot once.

New challenge in Ulria Grotto for "Ke'nai Shakah" Shrine in Akkala and the 4 Islands(Ankel, Knuckel, Davdi and Tingle)

NOV 16TH:

Added Malice Bokoblin

Fixed Desert Labrynth side entry blocked.

Ancient Armor Defense Rescaled from 4/7/12/18/28 -> 4/7/10/14/18

Goron Crusher updated to use more functional fireballs. Change is temporary until we find a more suitible projectile

You must now complete the Lost Woods trial or you will not be able to grab the Master Sword

Map Sections J-6, I-6, I-7 & I-8 Modified

NOV 23RD:
Updated Maps: A-3, B-6, D-5, F-7, H-3

Guardian Spear++: Can get higher range of Gold attack+ values.

Ancient Spear: More effective on mosters to match the ancient short sword

Malice Bokoblin Drops improved

Malice Guardian Drops improved

Fixed Silver Hinox Drops not being accurate.

Small updates to crate drops 

Your now notified when the day of a blood moon is.

